these babies are struggling to
survive dozens of them are being treated
in this Intensive Care Unit in gaza's
alifa
hospital but it's close to
collapse if the electricity is out in
these departments where there are 55
babies we will lose all those who need
electricity within 5
minutes Israel is imposing a Complete
Siege on Gaza and cutting off
life-saving supplies and services
electricity is one of them alifa
hospital is now running on generators
but doctors warn they could fail any
moment shortages of medicines and the
threat of the power cuts are putting the
medical team Under
Pressure we have ventilators but now
seven ventilators are not working
because we don't have the right cables
to operate them we are only operating
with 10 ventilators which is a strong
sign that the failure of this department
is looming
some members of bulb's Team have been
forced to work in other hospitals in
southern areas of Gaza because of
Israeli strikes and blocked
roads alifa hospital is being
overwhelmed by a high number of patients
and thousands of people seeking shelter
from Israeli attacks Israel has bombed
medical facilities several times in the
past two weeks and those seeking Refuge
here say nowhere in Gaza is safe Rus SAR
Al jazer
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer